Report Type: Sorted
_________________________


LIBRARY EDGES
_____________________
Edges...(That has no further access to the class or assume library classes)

Total Library Edges: 71

dreamer.Matrix.<init>(dv103.QRing[][])void -- > java.lang.IllegalArgumentException.<init>(java.lang.String)void
dreamer.Matrix.<init>(dv103.QRing[][])void -- > java.lang.Object.<init>()void
dreamer.Matrix.getElementAt(int,int)dv103.QRing -- > java.lang.IndexOutOfBoundsException.<init>(java.lang.String)void
dreamer.Matrix.setElementAt(dv103.QRing,int,int)void -- > java.lang.IndexOutOfBoundsException.<init>(java.lang.String)void
dreamer.SquareMatrix.<init>(dv103.Ring[][])void -- > java.lang.IndexOutOfBoundsException.<init>(java.lang.String)void
dreamer.SquareMatrix.<init>(dv103.Ring[][])void -- > java.lang.Object.<init>()void
dreamer.SquareMatrix.<init>(dv103.Ring[][])void -- > java.lang.System.arraycopy(java.lang.Object,int,dv103.Int[][],int,int)void
dreamer.SquareMatrix.<init>(dv103.Ring[][])void -- > java.lang.System.arraycopy(java.lang.Object,int,dv103.Ring[][],int,int)void
dreamer.SquareMatrix.<init>(dv103.Ring[][])void -- > java.lang.System.arraycopy(java.lang.Object,int,java.lang.Object,int,int)void
dreamer.SquareMatrix.<init>(int)void -- > java.lang.IllegalArgumentException.<init>(java.lang.String)void
dreamer.SquareMatrix.<init>(int)void -- > java.lang.Object.<init>()void
dreamer.SquareMatrix.getColumn(int)dv103.QRMatrix -- > java.lang.IndexOutOfBoundsException.<init>(java.lang.String)void
dreamer.SquareMatrix.getElementAt(int,int)dv103.Ring -- > java.lang.IndexOutOfBoundsException.<init>(java.lang.String)void
dreamer.SquareMatrix.getRow(int)dv103.QRMatrix -- > java.lang.IndexOutOfBoundsException.<init>(java.lang.String)void
dreamer.SquareMatrix.setElementAt(dv103.Ring,int,int)void -- > java.lang.IndexOutOfBoundsException.<init>(java.lang.String)void
dv103.Int.<init>(int)void -- > java.lang.Object.<init>()void
dv103.NotCompatibleException.<init>(java.lang.String)void -- > java.lang.RuntimeException.<init>(java.lang.String)void
dv103.Real.<init>(double)void -- > java.lang.Object.<init>()void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.<init>()void -- > java.lang.Object.<init>()void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testBasicJavaSupport()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertFalse(boolean)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testBasicJavaSupport()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertTrue(boolean)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testConstructors()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertTrue(boolean)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testGetColumn()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertEquals(dv103.Real,dv103.QRing)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testGetColumn()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertEquals(long,long)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testGetColumn()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertFalse(boolean)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testGetColumn()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertTrue(boolean)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testGetCopy()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertEquals((,dreamer.SquareMatrix)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testGetCopy()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertFalse(boolean)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testGetCopy()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertTrue(boolean)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testGetNull()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertEquals(double,double,double)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testGetOne()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertEquals(double,double,double)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testGetOne()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertEquals(dv103.Real,dv103.Ring)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testGetOne()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertEquals(java.lang.Object,dv103.Real)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testGetRow()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertEquals(long,long)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testGetRow()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertFalse(boolean)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testGetRow()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertTrue(boolean)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testHashCode()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertEquals(long,long)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testHashCode()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertTrue(boolean)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testIsDiagonal()void -- > java.lang.Boolean.valueOf(boolean)class java.lang.Boolean
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testIsDiagonal()void -- > java.lang.Boolean.valueOf(dv103.Int[][])class java.lang.Boolean
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testIsDiagonal()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertEquals(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testIsDiagonal()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertFalse(boolean)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testIsDiagonal()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertTrue(boolean)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testIsSymmetric()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertEquals(dreamer.SquareMatrix,dreamer.SquareMatrix)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testIsSymmetric()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertFalse(boolean)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testIsSymmetric()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertTrue(boolean)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testMult()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertEquals(java.lang.Object,dv103.Int)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testMult()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertEquals(java.lang.Object,dv103.Real)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testMult()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertEquals(java.lang.Object,dv103.Ring)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testMult()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertEquals(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testMult()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertEquals(long,long)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testMult()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertTrue(boolean)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testPlus()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertEquals(java.lang.Object,dv103.Int)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testPlus()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertEquals(java.lang.Object,dv103.Real)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testPlus()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertEquals(java.lang.Object,dv103.Ring)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testPlus()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertEquals(long,long)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testPlus()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertTrue(boolean)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testSetAndGetElementAt()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertEquals(long,long)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testSetAndGetElementAt()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertFalse(boolean)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testSetAndGetElementAt()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertTrue(boolean)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testSparseness()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertEquals(double,double,double)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testSquareMatrixBasicOps()void -- > java.io.PrintStream.println(()void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testSquareMatrixBasicOps()void -- > java.io.PrintStream.println(dreamer.SquareMatrix)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testSquareMatrixBasicOps()void -- > java.io.PrintStream.println(java.lang.String)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testSquareMatrixBasicOps()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertEquals(long,long)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testTranspose()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertEquals(dreamer.SquareMatrix,(dreamer.SquareMatrix,)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testTranspose()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertEquals(dreamer.SquareMatrix,dreamer.SquareMatrix)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testTranspose()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertEquals(java.lang.Object,dv103.Ring)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testTranspose()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertEquals(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrix.testTranspose()void -- > org.junit.Assert.assertFalse(boolean)void
dv103.test.TestSquareMatrixOutput.main(java.lang.String[])void -- > java.lang.Throwable.printStackTrace()void
